# Health-tech_Chatbot
**Health-tech_Chatbot is a medical care Domain Chatbot to simulate the predictions of a General Physician and on the basis of the symptoms, new suggestions are produced for recommendations of the physicians.** It is the GUI based Chatbot for patients for diagnosing. [A pragmatic Approach for Diagnosis].


A chatbot is an intelligent piece of software that is capable of communicating and performing actions similar to a human. Chatbots are used a lot in customer interaction, marketing on social network sites and instantly messaging the client. Chatbots are programs built to automatically engage with received messages. Chatbots can be programmed to respond the same way each time, to respond differently to messages containing certain keywords and even to use machine learning to adapt their responses to fit the situation. A developing number of hospitals, nursing homes, and even private centres, presently utilize online Chatbots for human services on their sites. These bots connect with potential patients visiting the site, helping them discover specialists, booking their appointments, and getting them access to the correct treatment. In any case, the utilization of artificial intelligence in an industry where individuals’ lives could be in question, still starts misgivings in individuals. It brings up issues about whether the task mentioned above ought to be assigned to human staff. This healthcare chatbot system will help hospitals to provide healthcare support online 24 x 7, it answers deep as well as general questions.Artificial Intelligence is the main technology used for creating the healthtech chatbots mainly used for the smooth working of hospitals.  

Libraries used for the 
